Most oplished/devliered, learned the most from, talk I liked the best (I must
admit I really don't remmber the Tuesday talks' titles or order so this is
focused on the Thursday ones)

1: This one is hard to answer since almost all of the slide decks were really
nice, but most of the presenters were just ok at delivering (although to be
fair, this was partly due to the fact that for many English was not their first
language - in addition to the fact that as CS majors many of us don't get much
practice at presenting).

If I had to decide, I'd have to split into two categories.  I thought that the
parallelax slide-set had an edge over the others simply because it included a
real working example showing the difference between parallelax and
non-parallelax, in addition to the basic code snippets needed to get it going.
However, if I recall correctly the speaker wasn't the greatest at prsenting.

For that category, of the talks that went today, the presenter of angular vs
react was very well spoken (assuming I'm remembereing the right one - I just
remember that he was talking about angular, so it could potentially might have
been a different person). 

2 and 3: I liked and learned the most from the speaker that went into detail
about the origins of redux (i.e. all the stuff about flux). I'm really not sure
which person/presentation it was based off of the slide titles (and the order
got kinda messed up).  I have no idea why I liked it so much, probably it just
had to do with my curiousity over where redux came from (since it's so
different from everythign else I'd ever seen before). And the reason I learned
the most from it was probably because it was an interesting topic to me,
answering a lot of questions that I'd had but hadn't ever asked anyone - so I
was able to remember it a little bit better than the other presentations, which
are all a little blurrier because they came in rapid succession one after the
other.



...



...Although if I were to purposefully mis-interpret the instructions I would be
bale to say the presentation) on Tuesday by a certain Scott Pollack was
probably the best talk I'd heard :p 

Why you ask? Because it explained why NOT to use a bunch of stuff out there by
listing all the things wrong with them - which is always super entertaining and
informative ^-^

